okay it's me Destin I am here with Mike
Symons at the National Electronics
Museum and he is going to show us
something that we interact with everyday
that you probably didn't know so what
you got for us Mike we have a microwave
oven and the microwave is built on
technology that was developed during the
Second World War for radar equipment
what we have here is just a standard
off-the-shelf microwave oven that we've
modified you'll notice that you can't
open up the door and we've disabled the
controls and it's got a separate switch
over here on the side what this is going
to show is how the microwave beam
travels inside the cavity of the oven
we've taken a sheet of plastic and we've
embedded Christmas balls into it and
when I power this thing up it's going to
spin that's on the carousel and as those
bulbs flicker what that is is the beam
of microwave energies it travels to the
inside of your oven
okay so what you see here is that those
have the beam traveling through the
balls the reason you have a carousel
inside your microwave oven is because
that beam always travels through the
same path it's just bouncing around
inside of there so if you didn't have
that carousel if you put your cup of
coffee in the center of the oven it
might not eat up correctly because that
carousel allows your cup coffee to
travel to different portions of that
beam to make sure it heats up correctly
this thing also has a heat sink in it to
eliminate some of the heat that's
generated by those balls and we've also
lower the power on this but this is
definitely a do not try this at home but
you can come to the National Electronics
Museum and check it out
awesome so so what is the best way to
heat up my coffee in the morning um
probably a tea kettle on your stove
excellent so do you get more nerds geeks
or dorks visiting you here at the
National Electronics Museum you know
what we've debated about what's the
difference between all three of those
and you know what I think we get all
three but I can't tell the difference
excellent so if you get a chance come up
to Baltimore and go to the national
electronics museum you'll learn
something I now know to put my food on
the edge of the carousel when I'm eating
something of the market decorator no not
in the middle that's right so come up
visit these geniuses if you're a dork
nerd or anybody that just wants to learn
more and be smarter every day all right
thanks Mike Thanks
you
motion is show you what can stay only
stationary as I body I can move his body
and pretty much into it